# Game Overview:

The game will allow players to create a Star Trader [character](https://github.com/TorroesPrime/roguetrader/blob/master/design/characterDescription.md) and through that character command of a [ship](https://github.com/TorroesPrime/roguetrader/blob/master/design/shipDescritpion.md) capable of traveling the vast interstellar realms to pursue means of trade and dreams of glory. Because of the width and breadth of space, a A Rogue Trader is a combination of a free trader, a military commander, a head of state and a pirate. Granted a “Warrant of Trade” that allows a Rogue Trader to take their vessel beyond the borders of the Imperium and represent both the Imperium of man, and themselves. Due to the raw size of an interstellar ship, the crew of a Rogue Trader ship will number in the 10s of thousands and comprise multiple generations of people. The fire power a trade ship is capable of mounting give Rogue Traders the ability to threaten force against planetary governments and agencies, and the capability to back up those threats. While, in theory, a Rogue Trader is answerable to the High Lords of Terra who can revoke the Trader’s Warrant of Trade, the vast interstellar distances and travel times permit Rogue Trader near complete autonomy in their actions. At the end of the day, a Rogue Trader is only accountable to themselves and whatever alliance they form in their portion of the galaxy.

The player will be able to control who holds what positions in their command crew, what upgrades are put into place on their ship, what cargos their ship will carry and where they take their ships in pursuit of their own designs. While nominally all Rogue Trader seek means to make money for themselves and their families, the means to accomplish that goal is wide and varied. Extorting protection fees along established trade routes, opening new trade routes, engaging in smuggling, running legitimate cargo runs, opening new negotiations with pre-existing trading partners, and supporting military endeavors are all options afforded to Rogue Traders.

## Version 1.0
The version 1.0 of the game will be a command line interface in the spirit of Zork and similar such games. By executing commands, the player will be able to access different menu screens that will convey information to the player and allow the player to respond to the information. 
## Version 2.0
The Version 2.0 of the game will utilize a GUI interfact.
